# CS250-Software-Development-Lifecycles

•	How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
•	How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
•	What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?

I interpret user needs first by creating user stories and that break down the wants and needs of the users. Creating a user story could be said as an interpretation of user needs as it describes what the user needs plainly for everyone to understand what they need and why thy need it. Creating user stories also helps for the same reasons, as it gives what the need is and why they need it which helps in creating the program as the reasons behind why they need it might changes some aspect of how it is implemented to be more beneficial to the user. It can also help in prioritizing what needs to be implemented first by how needed or required a user story is to the project or another part of the project.

My current approach to developing programs is creating an outline of some kind for the code whether it be a flowchart or pseudocode or both. I then use that as a blueprint in creating the code for the program. I then make notes throughout the program before and during that follow the outline or outlines I made previously, but this is also for small programs and projects that have only involved myself. In the future I hope to work on larger projects and programs that would have to involve more people or a team. In this case I would hope to many aspects of Agile as they seem incredibly beneficial to software development. Some of these things would include the communication and collaboration that in integral to Agile. Working with others when you need to and being open about what you are working on, where you are at, and any problems you have would be very useful to the team as a whole and the project as well. Having an open and transparent board about the progress of the project and everyone place on it would also be something I would hope to incorporate into my future work as it seems extremely useful.

Being a good member of a software development team means many things, the most important of which in my opinion would be honesty, ownership of your own work, and participating with the team. When it comes to honesty there is a lot to be said, but when it comes to being a team member owning up to your own mistakes and problems is very important. This also along with having ownership of your own work, knowing what you have to do for the project and taking ownership of what you do or don’t do is important to the team. Then participating with the team would also be important as participating in meetings or team projects is a must and not being part of the team could cause disruptions in the project, even if just from not understanding something discussed in a team meeting or the like.
